On Mac OS first thing we need to do is install Python 3 and pay package manager for Pitre for doing
that.
Python.
Dot org.
And from there under the downloads section let's just select the python 3.0 65 for Mac OS and our package
is now being downloaded
let's click on our package and let's just install Python for Mac OS
and I'll hit next.
And after the license agreement I'll hit next and Except And let's just customize it for a moment and
I'm going to install Python package manager PIREP along with Python 3.
I want the documentation I want the shell integration for python under my path for Mac OS and I'll just
hit install and I'm going to type in my password.
And here we go our Python 3 is now installed.
As you can see here and I can simply just put it there.
Trash the installer and as you can see we have the launcher Python automatically presented to us on
our Mac OS.
But to where dat.
Let's open up a terminal session.
And from there I'm just going to type in Python.
And from the python we can see that our Python is showing us the default Python installation on Mac
OS.
But we're of course asking for the Python 3.
So let's just accept this and I'm going to type in Python tree dot 6.
And here we go.
We can access the python 3.6 from our macros command line just like this way.
Now let's just where to find the Pipp installation on our Mac OS.
And for that purpose I'm simply going to type in as Pip.
Of course when we tried to type in the pip command and tried to launch the Python package manager it
automatically went back to Python to 7 on our default installation on Mac OS.
But we want the Python 3 that's 6 Peppe.
So we have to type in pipe 3 that 6.
And here we go.
We have the Piep Python package manager installed on Mac OS.